two
ah
if we think about the next planting of the
alfalfa cultivation of pastures
alfalfa
we can take into account some aspects
that will allow us to improve
characteristics of this crop if
we think about growing alfalfa is a
key resource in our system of
milk production because it gives us
high high volume of forage and a
high value of a high nutritional value
this form combines these characteristics
positive but if from the planting
we can think about carrying out
a management that optimizes and that allows
achieve this potential that the
growing in our region in this way
in the inta inta here in Rafaela
they work in various trials with the idea
to generate information that allows us
better adjust crop management a
little comment on some
results of experiments that have
made recently
in the first instance they have been evaluated
for two years two plantings decision
in autumn for two consecutive years
different types of tillage in the
sowing of alfalfa and also the
they try combined with different
treatments of the seed and what
we found was that planting
both conventional sowing and sowing
direct in a year were very similar
while in another year the planting
conventionally stood out above the
direct sowing achieving greater
density of plants and a greater and a
increased forage production this
difference between direct sowing and
conventional planting in the second year
which was evaluated that was evaluated was found
mostly when direct seeding
had a lot of surface coverage what
that hindered the implementation of
alfalfa seedlings decreasing the
density of this probably associated
the presence of diseases
develop in the crop stubble
predecessor
in this case these trials were
about a soybean predecessor crop
on the other hand
he mentioned that the
seed treatment in this case
if we find positive differences to
please that the seed be treated in
What will be the good treatment?
inclusion of a pellet with fungicide and
the inoculant of the seed and the
differences were greater even when
we were under direct seeding then
so we have we can see that you can
think about making direct seeding taking
greater precautions as soon as it is
seed treatment and trying to that
there are not many coverages in the lot
where we are going to plant the crop another
experience that came about in the
last time and also related to
the implementation of the crop is what
refers to the distance between the rows
of planting
we have tested different distances between
rows going from 20 centimeters
bringing the rows closer to 17 5 and 15
centimeters and what we find is that
the same planting density when
we bring the rows closer, the
forage production between variation
of the improvement that we found was between
the 5 and the 20 percent increase of the
production which is interesting and
It has to do with the plants
approach the rows and have the same
density are better
distributed in space in this way
make it possible to better capture the resources of the
environment and compete less among
between the plants of the same crop
then it is a practice that also
we can keep in mind when we think
in achieving highly productive pastures
finally we should not stop having in
account another aspect that is very
important that is the choice of the
variety that we are going to plant in this
sense in rafaela are being made
many years ago the evaluation of
cultivars of the network
in 2010, 30 were planted
cultivars without winter rest and 10
as opposed to intermediate in general
the ones that stand out the most are the
winter rest reaching production in
the first year of those of better
behavior up to 18,000 kilos of
dry matter of forage per year
distributed in 910 cuts so good
this information is available and it is
good that the producers know that this
you can access you can approach
sale and is also available online
i